where developing countries could also manufacture things as well.
Yeah, this kind of resemble what Japan did in the last century.
Japan ramped up the outbounded direct investment after a plaza called,
and then as an alternative to the export.
Do you think China will kind of looking to that kind of solution?
I don't see where it could be a substitute for exports
because you know investment abroad is obviously buying assets globally,
which is good for diversification of Chinese wealth, but it has a very different implication
from Chinese suppliers and Chinese companies being able to sell to the rest of the world.
But one thing that we do need to keep in mind is that China is actually looking more and more like a big and rich country.
So if you look at its export share of GDP, it's actually falling over time and converging to the US and Europe,